Bracmat is an interpreted programming language that is developed
by Bart Jongejan, starting in 1986. Originally it was designed as 
a Computer Algebra system, but it has shown its merits in natural
language processing as well.

Over a hundred examples of Bracmat code can be found at
http://rosettacode.org/wiki/Rosetta_Code

This directory contains the following files:

bracmat.c       The source code of the program.
bracmat.h       An optional header file, if you want to compile Bracmat
                as a library.

bracmat.html    The documentation in HTML format, automatically generated
                from the file 'help'.
Changelog       A document describing changes between versions.
gpl.txt         The full text of the GNU public licence.
help            The documentation in Bracmat format. (You have to run 
                Bracmat and issue 'get$help' to see it properly.)
project.bra     (From version 3.47) A tool to initialise a new Bracmat program
                Usage: Read this file ( get'"project.bra" ) and answer the
                questions. The created program stub has a comment, a class
                for the program and a reread procedure that reads the file,
                renames the file to a backup and saves it, thereby nicely
                reformatting the code. (Most comments are lost!) Some editors
                discover that the file has been changed and propose to reread
                the file. In this way, the user doesn't need to bother about
                formatting. Cyclus: edit program, save from editor, reread in
                Bracmat, reload in editor, edit program.
README          This file.
valid.bra       (From version 3.47) A test suite.

The Bracmat source code has no other dependencies than what is provided by
Standard C. Building bracmat from source is extremely simple, e.g.:

    gcc bracmat.c

Bracmat has been compiled and run on the following platforms:

Windows (All versions, compiled with 64 and 32 bit VC 6.0 and newer, BCC 5.02,
         tcc. A 16 bit version existed until version 2.8)
RISC-OS (Norcroft C ver 3)
EPOC 5  (Psion 5mx, Ericsson MC218: gcc)
HP-UNIX (gcc, cc)
Solaris (gcc)
Linux   (gcc)
MacOS   (xcode)
